Magalie Marcellus: Keira Knightley pirates.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes, Mommy. Big Bend it like Beckham.
Magalie Marcellus: Table. Oh.
Magalie Marcellus: She be Malibu.
Magalie Marcellus: Can you hear me.
Magalie Marcellus: Yes. Hi. I'm tell me your name.
LG Stylo4: Jordan.
Magalie Marcellus: Hi chastity and Maggie. I'm going to be doing your assessment today.
Magalie Marcellus: So this might take about 45 minutes, you have a time
LG Stylo4: 45 minutes
Magalie Marcellus: It could take up to 45 minutes okay just going to go over some questions.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm sorry.
LG Stylo4: The one on one counseling.
Magalie Marcellus: I know that some the assessment. There's an assessment. Everybody has to do typically is supposed to happen before you even start the program, but I know we've been behind so so this is more to get some background information and to see what's the best treatment for you. Okay.
LG Stylo4: Are you
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, there's one as this is mine is little bit more in depth. I know everybody does have a screen and in the beginning. So, but this is
Magalie Marcellus: This is why would general with your actual treatment plan. OK.
LG Stylo4: OK.
Magalie Marcellus: Now,
Magalie Marcellus: So just make sure everything. And how old are you,
4745 45
Magalie Marcellus: Every
Magalie Marcellus: Side. Did you just get off from work.
LG Stylo4: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, I'm losing the song, a little bit. So when there's a big and Chesley
LG Stylo4: The board.
Magalie Marcellus: All right. Again, this is just to get a little bit background information and a little bit of history for you.
Magalie Marcellus: What
Magalie Marcellus: Watch, it's the right height plus services.
LG Stylo4: I was going to a doctor, but I was when I'm at his office. I'm there for three, four hours.
LG Stylo4: With the little bit more convenient. I can work all day and then get on the phone or getting a group for an hour.
LG Stylo4: Three hours.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, you will find by somebody in particular.
LG Stylo4: My sister.
Magalie Marcellus: And how long you been in a program
LG Stylo4: I've been on the box and I think
Magalie Marcellus: In how old are you when you started using any substance.
Magalie Marcellus: Say pointing
LG Stylo4: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: What was going on then.
LG Stylo4: I got divorced
Magalie Marcellus: And why was a drug of choice then
LG Stylo4: Well, actually I hurt my back.
My back at work. Okay.
LG Stylo4: I'm gonna I'm gonna
LG Stylo4: Work in a nursing home.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
LG Stylo4: And I got a doctor put me on that.
LG Stylo4: Oh, I got it.
Magalie Marcellus: How long were you on the percocet from the doctor.
Magalie Marcellus: You say three years.
LG Stylo4: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so then when
Magalie Marcellus: You were either stop from the doctor will you use any other type of jobs or were you get infected somewhere else.
buying them off the street.
LG Stylo4: And I got caught up in
LG Stylo4: Like legal matters. I got caught buying a month three and
LG Stylo4: It all went downhill from there.
Magalie Marcellus: Did you try to quit on your on before you get to the legal issues.
LG Stylo4: Now,
Magalie Marcellus: Any other jobs, besides the Percocet.
LG Stylo4: With like cocaine, and meth.
LG Stylo4: Wasn't like I didn't have a habit.
Magalie Marcellus: Of the same time when you were using a quick
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And what was some of the withdrawal symptoms that you experience.
Like
LG Stylo4: When you get off the bat and
Magalie Marcellus: Because everybody's sentence.
Magalie Marcellus: A little bit different. So which one was the most difficult for you.
LG Stylo4: Right. And then I had a diary.
I just couldn't
LG Stylo4: I didn't want to get up and do anything.
Magalie Marcellus: And needed. Did you know at a time. Did you need more substance in order to function when you are going through withdrawal.
LG Stylo4: Well, I started off with five milligrams
LG Stylo4: The next two years. I got up at 330 day
Magalie Marcellus: You say you went up to 3030
LG Stylo4: To
Magalie Marcellus: 333 30. Gotcha.
LG Stylo4: I'm sorry, like
Magalie Marcellus: My, my math is bad. So I didn't catch that either.
Magalie Marcellus: But, um,
Magalie Marcellus: How much was that costing you
LG Stylo4: A lot of money.
LG Stylo4: I was working to support my attic.
Magalie Marcellus: And was there any heroin.
Magalie Marcellus: Ball. Any, anything else. Yes.
LG Stylo4: No, I never got
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: So over before you went to that program where you dissatisfied with your life.
LG Stylo4: Why
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah, I'm sorry. No. Okay, I have my feedback. So I'm sorry if I'm repeating the same thing, because I just want make sure I get a hear clearly what you're saying. So where you're dissatisfied or
LG Stylo4: I was not it.
Magalie Marcellus: Was my side as well.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. And how was released with
Magalie Marcellus: Go ahead.
LG Stylo4: That's why, that's why I went out on my
Magalie Marcellus: On
LG Stylo4: My life was going nowhere.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, and did some other time when you decided to go for treatment. Was it something specific happen that are you okay, I need to get treatment or did somebody said of encourage you to get treatments.
LG Stylo4: I did it on my own.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, was anything specific that you can think of that say, Okay, this is it. I need to get treatment.
LG Stylo4: Well, I became homeless.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
LG Stylo4: My boys.
LG Stylo4: Okay. I mean, there's two big reasons, right.
LG Stylo4: Now,
Absolutely.
Magalie Marcellus: Was that the only treatment. You went to was there more than one treatment.
LG Stylo4: No, that was that.
Magalie Marcellus: Was the name of the place you are attending
LG Stylo4: Going to
LG Stylo4: Dr. Ahmed
Magalie Marcellus: Is it a clinic or a private doctor
LG Stylo4: The doctor
Magalie Marcellus: Was your support person right now.
LG Stylo4: My ex husband. We're back together.
LG Stylo4: Yeah.
LG Stylo4: We were married for
The
LG Stylo4: Last
LG Stylo4: Three years ago.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm
So sorry.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm slightly about your son.
Magalie Marcellus: So who do you live with.
LG Stylo4: My husband.
Magalie Marcellus: So you guys in the same house. Oh.
LG Stylo4: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Anybody else in the home with you.
Magalie Marcellus: Songs.
Magalie Marcellus: And anybody in the household have any substance abuse issue.
LG Stylo4: Know,
Magalie Marcellus: We'll come back to the family in a little bit, get more information on them, but any past treatment point in mental health condition.
LG Stylo4: Now,
Magalie Marcellus: Any medication for anxiety, depression,
LG Stylo4: Got two years ago.
Magalie Marcellus: What was that for
Magalie Marcellus: Was that from your doctor.
LG Stylo4: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: He never had to see a psychiatrist windows.
Magalie Marcellus: Any history of wanting to harm yourself.
Magalie Marcellus: He said no.
LG Stylo4: I said no.
Magalie Marcellus: Any history of any type of cutting us up on behavior.
LG Stylo4: Now,
Magalie Marcellus: And Wellbutrin as any medication you you are given
Magalie Marcellus: Hello.
Magalie Marcellus: Oh, oh, okay. I know sometimes it does. Yeah, kick people off. All right.
LG Stylo4: We're gonna go back
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. Is there a way to send a text or something.
LG Stylo4: I might bring my dog off if I tried to send them back.
LG Stylo4: Now that
Magalie Marcellus: won't keep going if it comes. Maybe you may have to just let them know
Magalie Marcellus: You call it
Magalie Marcellus: So far with family history who raise you as a child.
LG Stylo4: My mom and dad.
Magalie Marcellus: And though in the same house. Oh.
LG Stylo4: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Any history of any mental health condition or substance abuse FOR YOUR MOM.
Magalie Marcellus: Has a relationship with your mom.
LG Stylo4: Workflow
Magalie Marcellus: And the same which are that any mental health or substance abuse.
LG Stylo4: No.
Magalie Marcellus: Relationship.
LG Stylo4: Or close
Magalie Marcellus: Has your parents relationship.
LG Stylo4: Wow. They're divorced now.
Magalie Marcellus: Was that happen as when you were a child as an adult.
Magalie Marcellus: And how many siblings do you have
LG Stylo4: One sister and brothers.
Magalie Marcellus: And
Magalie Marcellus: One sister. How is there's no sister.
Magalie Marcellus: You say three brothers, what are their ages.
LG Stylo4: Already
LG Stylo4: 36
LG Stylo4: And 34
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you have to 40 seconds without twin
LG Stylo4: No.
LG Stylo4: No, I have a brother that 42
Mm hmm.
LG Stylo4: And I have a brother that
LG Stylo4: 36
Magalie Marcellus: Okay then 34
Magalie Marcellus: This screen is frozen.
Magalie Marcellus: Me there.
LG Stylo4: Yeah, I sent him a message.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so let me just make sure I get it right the boat is 4236 and 34
LG Stylo4: Right there, that one more guy.
Magalie Marcellus: We have 4236 and 34
LG Stylo4: Yeah.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And so your, your sister is the oldest
LG Stylo4: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: So with your spouse. You say you guys were made for quitting is
LG Stylo4: Over that
Magalie Marcellus: With your, your performance your spouse former spouse, your medical waiting. Music
LG Stylo4: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And separated
Magalie Marcellus: And you guys we connected you say two years ago.
LG Stylo4: Three years ago, yes.
Magalie Marcellus: And how was your son that pass
Magalie Marcellus: It was the oldest
LG Stylo4: Is my oldest
Magalie Marcellus: And that was three years ago.
LG Stylo4: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So, have you had any counseling to help you cope with what happened.
LG Stylo4: Yeah, I did. I don't go anymore.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: And a little bit with your childhood, what, how was thing for you as when you were growing up.
LG Stylo4: I mean, our we were happy. Good.
LG Stylo4: We're loving
LG Stylo4: Get a lot of things with our grandparents.
Magalie Marcellus: And how is it. How's your relationship with just siblings.
LG Stylo4: Very close.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And any of them have any substance abuse issue or mental health.
LG Stylo4: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so, brother, sister, which one
LG Stylo4: My sister.
LG Stylo4: And you have my brother.
LG Stylo4: Or rather than five of
Magalie Marcellus: The year we cover and treatments US still using
LG Stylo4: Three of us are in treatment and
LG Stylo4: One of them is smoking weed.
LG Stylo4: And then the other the other brother his
LG Stylo4: Brother that uses he's in prison.
Magalie Marcellus: Which one, the oldest one
LG Stylo4: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: How long has been always
LG Stylo4: Been in there for, I think,
LG Stylo4: It has to be three years.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: He's a local
LG Stylo4: Areas. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And what were you born
LG Stylo4: In Ohio.
LG Stylo4: Ohio.
Magalie Marcellus: Which one
LG Stylo4: Where I live, that
Magalie Marcellus: I'm not familiar with that area.
LG Stylo4: No, no, where, where are you at
Magalie Marcellus: How long I've been in Ohio. So we should major city I equals by Columbus Cleveland.
LG Stylo4: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, gotcha.
Magalie Marcellus: So the name of the city.
LG Stylo4: And
LG Stylo4: As much
LG Stylo4: As I do
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, gotcha.
Magalie Marcellus: You still in the same area, your family in the same area too.
LG Stylo4: Yep.
LG Stylo4: My baby brother youngest youngest brother using them as well as in the Navy.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, good.
LG Stylo4: Yeah. What is the only one in the north and south.
Magalie Marcellus: Why we kill you did something with yourself. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So,
LG Stylo4: I'm working on board. My I'm getting close.
Magalie Marcellus: I'll do for you.
Magalie Marcellus: I'm sure was city nowadays, a lot of healthcare professionals.
Okay, yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And in school. Okay, that was the next question. So how far did you get in school.
LG Stylo4: I have three years under my belt.
Magalie Marcellus: Of college
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Did you have any difficulty when you are going to grade school.
LG Stylo4: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Anything with learning or behavior. Yeah.
LG Stylo4: Now a learning disability.
Magalie Marcellus: You know which one. Yeah.
LG Stylo4: They said I am like, ABC, but I never got treatment for it.
LG Stylo4: My dad didn't believe in
Magalie Marcellus: Treatment
LG Stylo4: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Were you were treatment.
Magalie Marcellus: Why
Magalie Marcellus: Because the add some time his behavior.
LG Stylo4: Well, I just couldn't sit still and focus
Magalie Marcellus: Gotcha. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: But you graduate graduated high school right
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
LG Stylo4: Yeah, I got my diploma. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: You see, there was no behavior issue in school like suspension.
LG Stylo4: No.
Magalie Marcellus: Do you have friends.
LG Stylo4: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: Any of the friends use any substance.
LG Stylo4: Now,
Magalie Marcellus: And those childhood friends or new friends for cuz
LG Stylo4: I mean I don't I go to work and I
LG Stylo4: Do
LG Stylo4: I really don't.
LG Stylo4: Do anything I do with my, my boyfriend ex husband and my boys and I go to work. I'm a simple person.
Magalie Marcellus: Was simple is good.
Magalie Marcellus: You don't want to complicate things
Magalie Marcellus: So what do you do with the boys, because they're like young adults.
LG Stylo4: What we go
Magalie Marcellus: Oh,
LG Stylo4: Yeah. Have a nice
LG Stylo4: Night on Sunday.
LG Stylo4: Yeah Oh Bollinger quarter I can do anything will watch a movie or play a board game are
Magalie Marcellus: Charging too much indoors.
LG Stylo4: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: And with as a child was any history of abuse and neglect.
LG Stylo4: Know,
Magalie Marcellus: Any history of sexual assault abuse.
LG Stylo4: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: See what do you work. Now you say you're a senior
Magalie Marcellus: Center.
LG Stylo4: On a nursing home.
LG Stylo4: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: How long you been working there.
LG Stylo4: Seven years
Magalie Marcellus: Oh wow, and you tell me you don't, you didn't do anything.
Magalie Marcellus: That's, that's me.
LG Stylo4: Well, I love what I do. That's important like
LG Stylo4: I love, I love taking better people. And I'd like to feel like I've done something
LG Stylo4: I don't know how to explain it like
LG Stylo4: I have a big heart.
LG Stylo4: I go extra mile.
LG Stylo4: Hey appreciate that without buying anything the bag of chips or a proper
LG Stylo4: Pay for a haircut.
LG Stylo4: lotion on average, our love my job.
Magalie Marcellus: For you to do that for 17 years that
Magalie Marcellus: Shows a lot that you really care about what you're doing good for you.
LG Stylo4: That's one thing I've learned to keep my job.
LG Stylo4: Than anything I've been areas. I didn't keep my boys, but I kept my job.
LG Stylo4: And I think part of that was because I had one I have it. I don't know.
LG Stylo4: You know, and then we have four years of us and
LG Stylo4: I have no
My god.
LG Stylo4: But I
Magalie Marcellus: am able to
LG Stylo4: Yeah, I didn't, I didn't get I didn't get that like
LG Stylo4: I was for energy, because that's what purpose. That's good for me was
LG Stylo4: They knew that energy that I needed.
LG Stylo4: I don't miss it. Don't miss them or
LG Stylo4: They'll do my job with the same kind of energy.
Magalie Marcellus: With the Suboxone
LG Stylo4: I don't need them.
Magalie Marcellus: Yeah.
LG Stylo4: I didn't know they don't get me.
Magalie Marcellus: Crime, but at least the Suboxone and I give you like craven
Magalie Marcellus: Meaning
LG Stylo4: Now they know
LG Stylo4: All right, so
Magalie Marcellus: I can imagine. Now, you mentioned the legal. So what happened with legal issues that you experience.
LG Stylo4: I got put on probation and I was looking at a felony charge
LG Stylo4: But if I completed the probation. They didn't put a felony on my record. So I don't have a felony on my record down
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, I got put on probation for
LG Stylo4: A year.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you kind of information.
LG Stylo4: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: You you finish that
Magalie Marcellus: When
LG Stylo4: Three years ago.
Magalie Marcellus: Create a
LG Stylo4: little over two years ago. Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Why was, why was a child at the time.
Magalie Marcellus: And it was just one shot and I
Had
LG Stylo4: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: He's a professional
Magalie Marcellus: Prescription
LG Stylo4: Yeah, I didn't have
Magalie Marcellus: Any other legal issues.
Nope.
Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, that could have been a wake up call as well.
Magalie Marcellus: And those can affect your
LG Stylo4: You know what
I mean, that's
LG Stylo4: My
LG Stylo4: That was my wake up call.
Magalie Marcellus: Me, you know, with your, your job and everything will make sure that doesn't affect that so
LG Stylo4: Right, right.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, I'm glad that the Suboxone is waking up for you and you're able to maintain. Now you smoke.
LG Stylo4: Yes.
Magalie Marcellus: How much
LG Stylo4: About a half a pack a day.
Magalie Marcellus: How were you when you started
LG Stylo4: 25
Magalie Marcellus: About 20 years
Magalie Marcellus: Any plans of cutting back on stopping
LG Stylo4: Yeah, I want to quit my, my boyfriend quit. So
LG Stylo4: I'm up next, I'm not to do it.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you can start cutting back a little bit of time.
LG Stylo4: Yes.
LG Stylo4: Why work 12 hour shifts, so I can't really look a lot that
LG Stylo4: Can
work all day.
Magalie Marcellus: So how you maintain and without
Magalie Marcellus: The pandemic going on.
Magalie Marcellus: Fishing the nursing home. I know the trying to keep everybody safe there.
Was everything
LG Stylo4: I wear my food. I
LG Stylo4: Want my
LG Stylo4: Section and wash my hands and
LG Stylo4: Found before I even touch anything at home, take my shoes off and jump in the shower.
LG Stylo4: sanitize
LG Stylo4: Myself and
LG Stylo4: Bringing them to my family. That's my biggest worry
Magalie Marcellus: You know, I can imagine that now can only do what you can do to protect yourself.
LG Stylo4: Right.
Magalie Marcellus: So what would be your main goals right now like short term goals and I'll stopping
Magalie Marcellus: You know, we remain remain in, you know, whichever recovery. So anything that she needs to work on.
LG Stylo4: Why, one of the goal.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
LG Stylo4: Good. That would be my long term goal. I don't know.
Magalie Marcellus: Well, that could be. I can't be in. Whoa, or will you enrolled, or are you plan to enroll son.
LG Stylo4: Well, I was going or not. That was my third year, and that's when I lost my son, so I
Got sure
LG Stylo4: So I think I'm ready to go back and finish it done. I got myself.
LG Stylo4: No ready for all that
Magalie Marcellus: So what help you go back to some type of
Magalie Marcellus: A normal see after this happens, your son.
LG Stylo4: Like that.
Magalie Marcellus: Will help you get back to some type of
Magalie Marcellus: Your wood scene after the incident with your son.
LG Stylo4: I don't know.
LG Stylo4: That when I got back with my my ex husband, you know,
LG Stylo4: We need to do rather and we leaned on each other. And he pretty much nurse me back to health and nurse me back to where I used to do.
LG Stylo4: I give I give them all the credit you know my boys my boys, you know, being in my face about everything and founding how bad I am
LG Stylo4: Not anything, you know, being in a place that our then
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, so you said that you had lost your son. So some about that was that.
Magalie Marcellus: Was it with the state. Oh, was it, they just go what was going on it.
LG Stylo4: What, how did I lose my son.
Yeah.
LG Stylo4: Committed suicide.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, yes, the other kids. Oh, OK. Cuz I might have been a little bit confused when you say you lost your son. I could be meaning like custody wise you mentioned some by custody.
LG Stylo4: Yeah, they were one, we got the more
LG Stylo4: Okay, the other boys and then
LG Stylo4: My oldest time
LG Stylo4: Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: So when your oldest past was he would, he would your ex husband was he, with you.
LG Stylo4: Know he's loving it down.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay.
LG Stylo4: Three years ago.
Magalie Marcellus: And the younger to was still at home with you guys.
LG Stylo4: Yeah, well, we're very glad
Magalie Marcellus: We were able. OK. So now after you guys we connected. So you guys been in the same house. Did you move in with them or did you guys just move
Yeah.
Magalie Marcellus: Alright.
Magalie Marcellus: So, so far as on back. And it's been a very supportive.
Magalie Marcellus: person in your life.
LG Stylo4: Yeah, I get it.
Magalie Marcellus: It's good that you have that to help you get you back on track.
Magalie Marcellus: And
Magalie Marcellus: What you mentioned, I know it's not new but you mentioned that the tobacco that you want to cut back eventually
Magalie Marcellus: Any problem which is sleeping.
LG Stylo4: Yeah I don't sleep very well at all.
Magalie Marcellus: Anything else that would be helpful in your recovery.
LG Stylo4: Know what I need to do. I know like
LG Stylo4: I need to do with my ex husband, I need
LG Stylo4: To realize, which I think
LG Stylo4: Is the best thing for me.
Magalie Marcellus: Like
LG Stylo4: Friends don't matter like
LG Stylo4: Women don't matter to me.
LG Stylo4: I feel like you to
LG Stylo4: Be better. That makes sense.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. And, and he's on board with you guys getting back together though you in the same house or are you working on that relationship right
LG Stylo4: Yes. Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: This is
Magalie Marcellus: About it.
Magalie Marcellus: Almost. Right, so, um, with the
Magalie Marcellus: Treatment to do to expand. You know the importance of a tenant group to make sure you know that you keep up with that will call your medication and everything else also as a support.
Magalie Marcellus: And the individual. We do offer the individual as needed. If it's something that you feel that you need to meet
Magalie Marcellus: I'll be your primary purpose. I need to meet with me, for whatever reason, I can always try to make some time to schedule you in for a session, but so far. Sounds like you know things are
Magalie Marcellus: pretty stable for you. So I'm gonna let things with in me, we connect maybe in a few weeks on the line just to check in to see how you are and how you doing in the program in those in club either get a
Magalie Marcellus: Call from virtual clinic or sometimes I may send the email just to schedule. So either way, at some point, you will be meeting with me as on one on one, just to check in.
Magalie Marcellus: But again, you can always request the session as well. If you feel the need that you need to meet with me right away, for whatever reason, that may be going on. Okay.
LG Stylo4: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Any questions for me.
LG Stylo4: I got drunk in the mail.
LG Stylo4: What am I doing
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, that's a good question for virtual clinic, they supposed to work. You walk you through the process then to show you how you need to send it back to them all that so
Magalie Marcellus: Which days you have group.
LG Stylo4: Every day.
Magalie Marcellus: Tomorrow. Okay, so try to login, a little bit early, before group, then they can help you with that process.
Magalie Marcellus: And your group is, at what time is it the evening grow.
LG Stylo4: Yeah, I've been going to why
LG Stylo4: I started that way.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, and that's the age of five. I think there's only one evening group right number eight o'clock.
Magalie Marcellus: It's six o'clock. Okay, I stopped and I get confused. There's one on Tuesdays at eight o'clock. Okay perfect, so just try to log on early so they can take that and walk you through that process.
Magalie Marcellus: And they put it good enough. Any questions, make sure you can reach out to vegetable and so they can assist you with that whatever that may be.
Magalie Marcellus: Necessary that you need support with
Magalie Marcellus: And appreciate us meeting right after work and Santa. So you go home right now.
LG Stylo4: Yeah, I'm like, I pulled over, so I'm like five years from now.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay, and you work the data.
Magalie Marcellus: Okay. At least I do an overnight. That's good. Well, I guess after 17 years you got a good shift.
LG Stylo4: Yeah.
LG Stylo4: Yeah 12 hours but
Magalie Marcellus: Again, I appreciate your time.
Magalie Marcellus: All the best for you with the program. And also, you know, keeping yourself safe and your family. Okay.
LG Stylo4: Okay.
Magalie Marcellus: Thank you, Ryan, I take care. Have a good night.
LG Stylo4: Bye Bye bye.